Insertable Streams for MediaStreamTrack API (#8260)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/mediastreamtrackgenerator/index.md

---
title: MediaStreamTrackGenerator
slug: Web/API/MediaStreamTrackGenerator
tags:
  - API
  - Interface
  - Reference
  - MediaStreamTrackGenerator
browser-compat: api.MediaStreamTrackGenerator
---
{{DefaultAPISidebar("Insertable Streams for MediaStreamTrack API")}}

The **`MediaStreamTrackGenerator`** interface of the {{domxref('Insertable Streams for MediaStreamTrack API')}} creates a {{domxref("WritableStream")}} that acts as a {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}} source.

> 
> The object consumes a stream of media frames as input, which can be audio or video frames.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The object consumes a stream of media frames as input, which can be audio or video frames.
```

## Constructor

- {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackGenerator.MediaStreamTrackGenerator()")}}
  - : Creates a new `MediaStreamTrackGenerator` object which accepts either {{domxref("VideoFrame")}} or {{domxref("AudioFrame")}} objects.

## Properties

_This interface also inherits properties from {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}._

- {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackGenerator.writable")}}
  - : A {{domxref("WritableStream")}}.

## Methods

_This interface doesn't implement any specific methods, but inherits methods from {{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}._

## Examples

> The following example is from the article [Insertable streams for MediaStreamTrack](https://web.dev/mediastreamtrack-insertable-media-processing/), and demonstrates a barcode scanner application, which identifies and processes barcodes before writing the transformed frames to the writablestream of {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackGenerator.writable")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example is from the article [Insertable streams for MediaStreamTrack](https://web.dev/mediastreamtrack-insertable-media-processing/), and demonstrates a barcode scanner application, which process barcodes and  highlights them before writing the transformed frames to the writablestream of {{domxref("MediaStreamTrackGenerator.writable")}}.
```
